add neo-devpack-dotnet.md (#96)
neo-project/neo-dev-portal: docs/n3/develop/write/neo-devpack-dotnet.md

If you haven't updated the templates and compiler in a long time, update both when you use them again.

## Neo.SmartContract.Template

Neo.SmartContract.Template is a project template used when developing Neo smart contracts. After installing the template, you can create a Neo smart contract project from the Terminal or Visual Studio.

### Install Template

```
dotnet new install Neo.SmartContract.Template
```

### List all dotnet templates

```
dotnet new list
```

### Uninstall Template

```
dotnet new uninstall Neo.SmartContract.Template
```

### Update Template

```
dotnet new update Neo.SmartContract.Template
```

## Creating a project using templates (Terminal)

```
dotnet new neocontract
```

The project name defaults to the name of the current directory, you can also specify the project name with `-n, --name <name>`, e.g. `dotnet new neocontract -n MyFirstContract`.

### Creating projects using templates (Visual Studio)

Create a new project, Neo.SmartContract.Template

![](../assets/neo-devpack-dotnet-1.png)

![](../assets/neo-devpack-dotnet-2.png)

## Neo.Compiler.CSharp

> ### Install Template
> 
> ```
> dotnet tool install --global Neo.Compiler.CSharp
> ```
> 
> ### List all dotnet tools
> 
> ```
> dotnet tool list
> ```
> 
> ### Uninstall Template
> 
> ```
> dotnet tool uninstall --global Neo.Compiler.CSharp
> ```
> 
> ### Update Template
> 
> ```
> dotnet tool update --global Neo.Compiler.CSharp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install Compiler

```
dotnet tool install --global Neo.Compiler.CSharp
```

### List all dotnet tools

```
dotnet tool list
```

### Uninstall Compiler

```
dotnet tool uninstall --global Neo.Compiler.CSharp
```

### Update Compiler

```
dotnet tool update --global Neo.Compiler.CSharp
```

```

### Compiling contract file (Terminal)

> Run the following command to build your contract：
> 
> ```
> dotnet build
> ```
> 
> or
> 
> ```
> nccs
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the project path, run the following command to build your contract：

```
dotnet build
```

or

```
nccs
```
```
